# ripeto
Track and Control your Repetitive Activites

Some people have activities that want to incorporate as part of their normal day. 
Repetition is the key to make that activiti a habit on your life.

Use Ripeto to setup the list of activities and establish a time in your day for them and a recurrence. We will refresh your list of activities every day, and you just need to mark them as done or ignore.
Ripeto will use the data generated by your interactions to show your your progress and help you to re organize your activities.

<h1>Welcome to Ripeto!</h1>
    <p>Version 0.1</p><br><br>
    
    <h1>Current Features:</h1><br>
    
    <h2>Register</h2><br>
    <p>
      Create a new user with your email. Email confirmation is not used at this point, 
      but using a real email is encouraged. Future versions will include password recovery
      that can be accomplished only if you have access to the provided email account.
    </p><br>
    <h2>Authentication</h2><br>
    <p>
      After Registration, you will be automatically authenticated.
      You can logout and login back with your email and password.
    </p><br>
    <h2>Create Tasks</h2><br>
    <p>
      The core idea of this simple application is to create tasks.
      Just type the task name on the "Search/Create" box and push the 
      + button. If you want to place the task in an specific list, 
      just select the list before clicking the + button. <br>
      It is possible to add a Due Date to your tasks, using the date
      picker located below the "Search/Create" box. 
    </p><br>
    <h2>See Tasks</h2><br>
    <p>
      In the main page you will see all your tasks for the selected
      list. Changing the list will update the tasks to show. You can
      use "order by" to re-organize the display of your tasks.<br>
      Tasks with a due date will be displayed using red color font.<br>
      From here you will be able to "Close your tasks", and open the 
      task details.<br>
      Closed task will be displayed in another section at the bottom. 
      From there you can permanently delete a task or put it back in
      your open tasks.
    </p><br>
    <h2>Check Tasks Details</h2><br>
    <p>
      You can open the task details for more information. Currently
      you can add comments on the task and modify the task name or 
      list from there. We will be adding more things there.
    </p><br>
    <h2>Create or Remove Lists</h2><br>
    <p>
      There is always a Default list to place your tasks. If you need
      to add your own lists, just click the "List" button, below the 
      "Search/Create" box and you will get a popup window to add your 
      new list. <br>
      You can delete your existing lists anytime using the same popoup
      window. Keep in mind that the "Default" list cannot be deleted.
      If you happen to delete a list that already has tasks associate, 
      all those tasks will be automatically moved to the "Default" list.
    </p><br>
    
Features to implement:
- Create lists to organize your activities
- Create Activities specifiyng name, description or notes, time and recurrence
- Activities wil be displayed on a list in the main page
- You can mark activities as Done or Ignore
- Ripeto will load every day the activities you have for that day
- Ripeto will show you statistics about your commitement with your activites
- Ripeto will suggest to re organize your activites according to your normal performance
